# Token Validation and Staking

$CRS Tokens are expected to provide economic incentives for participants to contribute to and maintain the ecosystem of the Cros Network. The computational resources are required for performing various functions on the Cros Network, such as validating transactions and publishing proofs, thus providers of these services/resources would be rewarded with $CRS tokens (i.e., "validating" on the Cros Network) to maintain the network integrity. $CRS Token will be used as a unit of exchange to quantify and pay for the costs of consumed computational resources. $CRS Token is an integral and indispensable part of the Cros Network, as, without the $CRS Token, there would be no incentive for users to expend resources to participate in activities or provide services for the benefit of the entire ecosystem on the Cros Network. Token incentives would only be given to those who have actively contributed to network maintenance. Users of the Cros Network and/or $CRS Token holders who did not actively participate will not be rewarded with $CRS Token. The network selects validators to verify each transaction on the blockchain to protect any data. Validators ensure that all activities on the network represent the values of the community, resulting in a democratic system owned by its users.&#x20;

Users may be required to stake $CRS Token to participate in the consensus or any validation process on the Cros Network. This is an indication of the user's commitment to the process. $CRS Token would thus be used as a deterrent to punish stakers for various offenses (for example, invalid validations, illegally verifying transactions or invalid transaction execution) by requiring them to stake $CRS Token before being allowed to participate in the ecosystem. In the case that a staker commits a violation, $CRS Token will be deducted. It should be noted that $CRS Token is non-refundable and cannot be exchanged for cash (or its equivalent value in any other virtual currency) or any Governing Body payment obligation. The Issuer or any affiliate; does not represent or confer on the token holder any right of any kind to the Governing body, the Issuer (or any of its affiliates), or the Issuer's revenues or assets, including without limitation any right to receive future dividends, revenue, shares, ownership right or stake, share or security, any voting, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms of intellectual property or license rights), or other financial or legal rights or equivalent rights, or any other form of participation in or relating to the Cros Network.&#x20;

The Governing body, the Issuer, and/or their service providers; are not intended to represent any rights under a contract for differences or any other contract whose goal or pretended purpose is to secure a profit or 23 avoid a loss. It is not intended to be a representation of money (including electronic money), security, a commodity, a bond, a debt instrument, or any other form of financial instrument or investment. It is not a loan to the Governing body, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates. It is not intended to represent a debt owed by the Governing body, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates, and no profit is expected. It also does not provide the token holder any ownership or other interest in the Governing body, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates. After the token sale, the Issuer (or its affiliate) will hold the contributions in the token sale. The contributors will have no economic or legal right to or beneficial interest in these contributions or the assets of that entity. If a secondary market or exchange for trading $CRS Token develops, it will be run and operated completely independently of the Governing body, the Issuer, $CRS Token sales, and the Cros Network. Neither the Governing Body nor the Issuer will create secondary markets for $CRS Token, nor will act as an exchange.
